kisa.Move(0.85 0 -spd 3)
nicol.Move(0.35 0 -spd 3)
alan.Move(0 0 -spd 3)
sophie.Move(0.6 0 -spd 3)
Hide(nicol)
Hide(alan)
Hide(kisa)
Hide(sophie)
wait(0.75)
nicol "And so our journey comes to an end."
sophie "It appears so. I have learned what has become of my students, and although I am saddened, I am glad to have gotten the chance to avenge them."
alan "I am sorry for your loss, Sophie. I wish we could have done more to help..."
sophie "It is alright, Alan. I will notify their families once we return."
addCutscene(2)
nicol "Although I also sympathize with your loss, we should not end this on a somber note! We have defeated a great evil today, I believe this is cause for celebration."
kisa "I would not object to such a thing. This is what adventurers do, yes?"
nicol "Yes! Tis written in ''Adventuring 101'', written by yours truly!"
kisa "You have written a novel?! Why did you not inform me of such earlier, Nicol?"
nicol "I lost the novel while traveling overseas. Krakens are nasty creatures, they have no taste! Twas almost complete!"
kisa "You have encountered a KRAKEN?!"
sophie "Please do not allow him to tell the tale. We will be here for a century."
sophie "So, we are all in agreeance about a celebration? Alan?"
alan "Oh! Yes, celebration. Sounds good."
alan "(I do not want to voice my fears, but I am nervous. The last time I had a celebration was the night before Leora passed.)"
nicol "Huzzah! Come now, this is no place for heroes such as ourselves! Drinks are on me!"
addCutscene(3)
alan "(Perhaps it is time to embrace the present. I cared much for Leora, but she would have wished for my happiness.)"
alan "(That must be correct. Leora often recounted tales of triumph and tribulation; her passing was a tribulation, but there would be moments of triumph, such as now. I have a feeling of closure and companionship I lacked prior.)"
kisa "Alan? Are you coming?"
alan "Yes! I apologize, I am right behind you."
Hide(sophie)
Hide(kisa)
Hide(alan)
Hide(nicol)
endDialogue(false)